• User Story: Registration/Sign-up: As a new user I want to sign up for the
application through a sign-up form, so that I can access the train booking app.
Acceptance Criteria:
i. While signing up, enter Username, Email, Password & Confirm Password, Security
question and Address.
ii. If user sign up with an incorrect detail, user receives an error message for incorrect
information.
iii. If user tries to sign up with an existing email address, existing mobile number, user
receives error messages saying "email exists", “mobile registered already”.
iv. If sign up is successful, a confirmation email is sent to user for mobile & email
verification. After successful verification user can login into app with credentials.
• User Story: Login As a registered/authorized user, I want to login into IRCTC
application so that I can access variety of service provide by the app.
Acceptance Criteria:
i. Username, password and captcha are required for user login.
ii. If we are trying to login with incorrect username or password, then error message
will be displayed as "bad credentials”.
iii. After successful log in, home page is displayed.
• User Story: Search Train As an authorized user, I want to search train so that I can
book ticket for my planned trip.
Acceptance Criteria:
i. User has to enter valid from(source), to(destination) train stations, valid date.
ii. A valid search displays list of trains with schedule.
iii. User can sort, filter and modify the search results.
iv. User can view available tickets in each travel class like AC, Sleeper etc.
• User Story: Book Train As an authorized user, I want to book train so that I can make
reservation for particular place, date and time.
Acceptance Criteria:
i. User has to choose available train & travel class for ticket booking.
ii. Passenger’s details like name, age, gender, berth preference need to be entered
iii. Valid contact information, travel insurance option & payment mode are required.
iv. After successful payment, user should get the booking details to registered mobile
number and E-mail id.
• User Stories: Logout As a logged in user, I want to log out of IRCTC app so that I can
prevent unauthorized access of my profile.
Acceptance Criteria:
i. When user logs out of his account by clicking log out button, logged out message
should appear and app has to redirected to the log-in page.
ii. If user session expires due to internet failure or system crash, then user has to be
logged out the application.
